# Eric-Hagood.github.io
Link to live site: https://erichagood.github.io/Eric-Hagood.github.io/
For this project I used to deck of cards api in an attempt to create the card game hearts. Most all of the styling for the page was done in css with a few changes made to the css with jquery.
Technologies used: HTML, CSS, Javascript, Jquery, AJAX

My initial approach to this project was, admittedly, wrong from the start. I needed to take more time in the design phase instead of jumping straight into coding. I went ahead and wrote a lot of functions that I would need but I went about testing them is ways that made it harder to implement the proper game logic later on without re writing a large portion of code. I spent far to little time in the developmental stage for this project and the little time I did spend pseudo coding and wire framing was far to loose. I developed what functions I would need but I never thought to add how these function would need to interact with eachother to keep the game progressing. 

Unsolved Problems: Most of the internal game logic. Dealing with turns, counting points gained from a trick, Formating on the web page (specifically how the cards in the east and west hands display on screen) formating the player hand in a sequential manner. Checking for legality of moves both from the player and AI, Implementing a TRAM (or The Rest Are Mine) check to speed up gameplay. Checking game end conditions (when a player gains more than 100 points). Dealing with the situation of when a player 'Shoots the Moon' (takes all 26 points in a round). Adding animations inside the cs to show the cards moving from the players hand into the trick, and showing the ai cards moving from their hands into the trick. Also displaying the AI cards inside of the trick. clearing the trick after a round has been played. Finding out which player takes the trick and then having them start the next trick. 